You: Good morning, everyone. I have some news to share.
Shannon has asked that we link retirement data to the system, and
I’d like to discuss your thoughts on how we can get this done.
Leo: Well, this is a surprise.
At this late stage, I’m not sure how we’d be able to get it done.
We’d have to do some major re-work on the System to do what she’s asking.
Claire: I agree. To accommodate this new addition, we will end up
compromising the quality of the system in the end.
You: Unfortunately, we don’t have a choice.
I am confident that you will be able to get it done without sacrificing quality.
Nina: Time is the issue here! There is just no extra room in our project
timeline to get this done. We would have to shortcut other critical aspects
of the project in order to meet the deadline.
You: Once again, I’m sure you guys can figure out how to make this work.